README.md, before:

# MGEMod
> A 1v1 and 2v2 training mod for Team Fortress 2

For more info on MGEMod, see its AlliedMods thread and its TF2Wiki page.

- [AlliedMods](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=154755)
- [TF2Wiki](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/MGE_Mod)

## Downloading
- Download the repository clone zip [here](https://github.com/sapphonie/MGEMod/archive/master.zip) and merge into your `/tf/` folder.

## Known issues
- A server segfault can be caused by [certain interactions between Sniper, Heavy, and Pyro](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=302264), if they are enabled. This is a bug with TF2, not MGEMod. A SourceMod extension fix for this is available [here](https://github.com/Kenzzer/JetPack_Fix).

## What happened to the old repo?
- The developer, [Alex](https://github.com/alvancamp), privated all of their GitHub repositories a while ago, including MGE and SOAP-DM. This necessitated a new repository, aka this one.

They have unprivated them, and you can find the original unmaintained version of MGE [here](https://github.com/alvancamp/MGEMod).

Commit message:

updated README and project.clij

README.md, after:

# MGEL
Based on the classic [MGEMod](https://github.com/alvancamp/MGEMod), currently maintained [here](https://github.com/sapphonie/MGEMod). 
> A 1v1 and 2v2 training mod for Team Fortress 2 

## History
 - `mgemod.smx` by [Lange](https://github.com/alvancamp), CPrice  
    *The original My Gaming Edge 1v1 mod, created and revised somewhat by legends of the community Lange and CPrice.*   
 - `chillymge.smx` by @[Sapphonie](https://github.com/sapphonie/), @Pepperkick  
    *After Lange and Co. left the project to pursue other interests, @Sapphonie and @Pepperkick began maintaining a new fork of the project.*
 - `mgel.smx` by Tommy   
    *Now, on the bleeding edge of technology as we know it, the illustrious Tommy Mor is attempting to turn this little toxicity generator of a gamemode into a real e-sport!*
    Well... At least providing the infrastructure. 

## New Functionality
With this custom implementation of the age old SourceMod plugin `mgemod`, players can play in tournaments with their fans (or detractors!) actively watching the tournament's bracket update as the games progress.  
Elo will also be recorded for official [mge.tf](https://help.mge.tf/) rankings, which will be available through a leaderboard on the website at all times!

Expect big things from this talented and passionate developer. I know I do!

 -- @[zudsniper](https://github.com/zudsniper/)

## Archived `README.md` content

For more info on MGEMod, see its AlliedMods thread and its TF2Wiki page.

- [AlliedMods](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=154755)
- [TF2Wiki](http://wiki.teamfortress.com/wiki/MGE_Mod)

## Downloading
- Download the repository clone zip [here](https://github.com/sapphonie/MGEMod/archive/master.zip) and merge into your `/tf/` folder.

## Known issues
- A server segfault can be caused by [certain interactions between Sniper, Heavy, and Pyro](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=302264), if they are enabled. This is a bug with TF2, not MGEMod. A SourceMod extension fix for this is available [here](https://github.com/Kenzzer/JetPack_Fix).

## What happened to the old repo?
- The developer, [Alex](https://github.com/alvancamp), privated all of their GitHub repositories a while ago, including MGE and SOAP-DM. This necessitated a new repository, aka this one.

They have unprivated them, and you can find the original unmaintained version of MGE [here](https://github.com/alvancamp/MGEMod).
